This can be used for either automation (executing code without showing source code) or tutorials (executing and displaying both results and source code).

To use this feature, you need to install `markdown-exec`. [See the documentation](https://pawamoy.github.io/markdown-exec/usage/) for more information.



## Showing Source Code and Results
###  tabbed
```python exec="true" source="tabbed-left" result="pycon"
import os 
print('cwd',os.getcwd())
```
which was generated by using the markdown code: 

````markdown  
```python exec="true" source="tabbed-left" result="pycon"
import os, sys 
print('cwd',os.getcwd())
```
````

### Source Code `above`

```python exec="true" source="above" result="pycon"
import os
print(os.getcwd())
```

which was run using: 
````md
```python exec="true" source="above" result="pycon"
import os
print(os.getcwd())
```
````

## Running Own Hosted Module in GitHub

This is really cool! With `markdown-exec`, you can showcase your own projects hosted on GitHub or insert examples into docstrings, such as the class [`Two_numbers`][sandbox.calculations.Two_numbers].

Here, a Python script imports a class from this project module: `sandbox.calculations.Two_numbers`.

```python exec="true" source="tabbed-left" result="pycon"  
from sandbox.calculations import Two_numbers

nums = Two_numbers(4, 2)
print(f'{nums.add()=}')
```

which was run using this markdown code:

````md
```python exec="true" source="tabbed-left" result="pycon"  
from sandbox.calculations import Two_numbers

nums = Two_numbers(4, 2)
print(f'{nums.add()=}')
```
````
### Using `mkdocs gh-deploy` Manually

- With Poetry, this works out of the box.
- This option uses your local environment, including dependencies and PYTHONPATH.
- Note: This has not been tested without Poetry. You will likely need to install the package in your environment first.

### Using GitHub actions

- After pushing changes to the remote repo and prior to deployment, a new environment will be created. In addition to the MkDocs-related dependencies, you should also include the dependencies required to execute your package's code examples.

For this example:

-  I modified the `ci.yml` file for GitHub workflows to enable package installation during deployment.  

```yml title="ci.yml"
    - run: pip install git+https://github.com/lennon-c/SandBox_Mkdocs.git
```

- This means that an installation of your own package is required.
- Since I'm using Poetry, I only needed to add the necessary documentation for packaging, and a package wheel was not required.

## Prints 

Sadly, it cannot capture prints from imported code.

Nothing will be printed in the following two blocks.

```python exec="true" source="tabbed-left" result="pycon"
from sandbox.prints import Printer 
printer = Printer()
printer.print_me()
```

```python exec="1" source="tabbed-left" result="pycon"
from sandbox.prints import function_print
function_print()
```

It is only able to see prints from functions created in the current session, as in the following code: 

```python exec="1" source="tabbed-left" result="pycon"
def print_from_script():
    print("print from the script")

print_from_script()
```